README.md, before:

# Videogular

[![travis build](https://travis-ci.org/videogular/ngx-videogular.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/videogular/ngx-videogular)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
![npm bundle size (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@videogular/ngx-videogular)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dy/@videogular/ngx-videogular)
[![PRs](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?)]()

**Ngx-Videogular is an HTML5 video player for Angular 2.0**. Videogular is a wrapper over the HTML5 video tag, so you can just add whatever you want. This provides a very powerful, but simple to use solution, for everybody.

:tv: [Showcase](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular-showroom/#/)

:books: [Documentation](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular/docs)

## Moving from Videogular2 to Ngx-Videogular

Since `videogular2` is unmaintained, we suggest moving to `@videogular/ngx-videogular`. </br>
You can check out the [migration guide here](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular/docs/migrating-from-videogular2/).

### 48% reduction on bundle size? Ivy Support? </br> All of that and more!

## DashJS 2.X.X deprecation

From 2.0.1 onwards we'll only support DashJS v3. </br>
For DashJS v2 compatiblity, please use @videogular/ngx-videogular version < 2.0.1.

## How to install

To get up and running quickly, check out the [getting started guide](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular/docs/getting-started/).

### NPM commands

Run `start` to compile the project, execute tests and check coverage:

```bash
npm start
```

Run `build` to compile the project:

```bash
npm run build
```

Run `test` to test the project:

```bash
npm test
```

Run `coverage` to check the coverage report:

```bash
npm run coverage
```

To start the example app run the following commands and open <http://localhost:8080>:

```bash
cd examples
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

## Quick template

[Stackblitz Template](https://stackblitz.com/edit/angular-videogular?file=app%2Fhello.component.ts)

## Supported by

Videogular wants to thank you to this companies for support this project:

[![](sponsors/jetbrains.png)](https://www.jetbrains.com)
[![](sponsors/toptal.png)](https://www.toptal.com)

## Credits

Videogular is a project created by [Raúl Jiménez](https://github.com/Elecash) and released under [MIT license](https://github.com/videogular/ngx-videogular/blob/master/LICENSE).

This project would not be possible without our [team members](https://github.com/orgs/videogular/people) and an [amazing community](https://github.com/videogular/ngx-videogular/graphs/contributors).

Commit message:

docs: update README with Node & Angular version compatibility

README.md, after:

# Videogular

[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
![npm bundle size (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@videogular/ngx-videogular)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dy/@videogular/ngx-videogular)
[![PRs](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?)]()

**Ngx-Videogular is an HTML5 video player for Angular 2.0**. Videogular is a wrapper over the HTML5 video tag, so you can just add whatever you want. This provides a very powerful, but simple to use solution, for everybody.

:tv: [Showcase](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular-showroom/#/)

:books: [Documentation](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular/docs)

## Moving from Videogular2 to Ngx-Videogular

Since `videogular2` is unmaintained, we suggest moving to `@videogular/ngx-videogular`. </br>
You can check out the [migration guide here](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular/docs/migrating-from-videogular2/).

### 48% smaller bundle size? Ivy Support? </br> All of that and more!

## Version Compatibility

| Ngx-Videogular | Angular          | Node
|----------------|------------------|--------------------------------------
| <= ^6.0.0      | < 15.0.0         | < 16.0.0
| ^7.0.0 < 8.0.0 | ^15.0.0 < 16.0.0 | ^14.20.0 \|\| ^16.13.0 \|\| ^18.10.0
| ^8.0.0         | >= 16.0.0        | ^16.13.0 \|\| ^18.10.0

## DashJS 2.X.X deprecation

From 2.0.1 onwards we'll only support DashJS v3. </br>
For DashJS v2 compatiblity, please use @videogular/ngx-videogular version < 2.0.1.

## How to install

To get up and running quickly, check out the [getting started guide](https://videogular.github.io/ngx-videogular/docs/getting-started/).

## Quick template

[Stackblitz Template](https://stackblitz.com/edit/angular-videogular?file=app%2Fhello.component.ts)

## Building and Testing

Run `start` to compile the project, execute tests and check coverage:

```bash
npm start
```

Run `build` to compile the project:

```bash
npm run build
```

Run `test` to test the project:

```bash
npm test
```

Run `coverage` to check the coverage report:

```bash
npm run coverage
```

To start the example app run the following commands and open <http://localhost:8080>:

```bash
cd examples
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

## Supported by

Videogular wants to thank you to this companies for support this project:

[![](sponsors/jetbrains.png)](https://www.jetbrains.com)
[![](sponsors/toptal.png)](https://www.toptal.com)

## Credits

Videogular is a project created by [Raúl Jiménez](https://github.com/Elecash) and released under [MIT license](https://github.com/videogular/ngx-videogular/blob/master/LICENSE).

This project would not be possible without our [team members](https://github.com/orgs/videogular/people) and an [amazing community](https://github.com/videogular/ngx-videogular/graphs/contributors).
